hi there I'm Evan Brock and I make
ancient Roman meals today we are going
to make an ancient Rome a meal of boiled
eggs we already have our dressing things
prepared we have our stone pine kernels
you now may know them as pine nuts our
celery that is chopped up our honey our
white wine vinegar and our salt and
pepper and we are going to make that
into a dressing that is delish I'm first
going to add the honey and the white
wine vinegar together because the
liquids will mix easier this way now
let's see honey
it's obviously slow so we're going to
have to help it out that's
most of it and then after we get that
off you're going to add some pepper for
seasoning mix that up our fresh oh well
our freshly ground pepper will be right
there and we were going to add our
celery that with our nuts and mix this
together and then we will add our pepper
smells good already I'm using a pepper
grinder because freshening your pepper
better there's not good together and get
your salt put that in and also the
fresher the salt the better and mix that
up and there is dressing next we're
going to cut up our eggs into wedges so
it looks more attractive on the platter
and so it soaks up more of the dressing
we're cutting them into wedges now and
you need to be very careful not to cut
up your fingers because obviously
fingers were not a delicacy back in
ancient Roman times don't they all look
so pretty cut up into quarters now that
we have our eggs cut up into wedges and
our dressing has already been prepared
we are going to add the eggs into the
dressing and slowly slowly toss them to
help them soak up the dressing make sure
that every basically every single egg
gets the stone pine nuts and more of the
vinegar and honey mixture on and we will
set that aside until we are done now
doesn't that look yummy
for our next dish we are going to make a
honey in that dessert we have our dates
our stone pine kernels our salt a little
bit of honey and a little bit of white
wine we are going to cut the dates and
fill them with the stone pine kernels
and then we are going to stew them with
the mixture of honey and white wine gin
our dates have already been pitted so we
just have to cut them open with a pair
of scissors our stone pine kernels need
to be coarsely ground so we are going to
use our hand blender to do that the next
step is to fill up the pitted dates with
the coarsely ground nuts now the dates
are filled I'm going to sprinkle them
with a little bit of salt and then off
they go this to prosper we're now going
to add the honey and the white wine to
the pan too I'm heated up a little bit
our stew exhaust is heating up very
nicely so now it's time for everyone to
get in the pool mmm that smells good
we're going to let these puppies cook
until their skins are peeled the days
are now finished and we're going to
plate them up and drizzle them with some
honey
boy doesn't that look good now I'm going
to draw her room and feast thanks for
watching